Unify access-control errors, and fix access-control types (#7914)
keystonejs/keystone: .changeset/errors-now-equal.md

---
'@keystone-6/core': major
---

> Errors are now mostly context free - and non-differentiable as to which access-control was rejected

Author: .. except field level access-control

> Errors are now mostly context free - and non-differentiable as to which access-control was rejected

Author: ```suggestion
Errors are now mostly context free - only list and field access-control is differentiable by the error message now
```

> Errors are now mostly context free - only list and field access-control is differentiable by the error message now

Reviewer: This description doesn't explain the change well imo. Like what errors? What do you mean by context?
